"A channel to collect various tidbits of referenceable \"wisdom\" that might impinge on deliberations in this space"
"Accelerated Mobile Pages Project – AMP"
"Activity Streams"
"Adding ActivityStreams Federation to LiteWeight"
"Advanced Work – Esko Kilpi – Medium"
"Alzheimer's"
"Amino Acid"
"Apperception - Wikipedia"
"Apperception"
"Artificial Intelligence - AI"
"Asparagine"
"BACE1 deletion in the adult mouse reverses preformed amyloid deposition and improves cognitive functions | JEM"
"Beyond weight loss: a review of the therapeutic uses of very-low-carbohydrate (ketogenic) diets | European Journal of Clinical Nutrition"
"Blockchain"
"Bonjour!"
"Bookmarks"
"Breast Cancer"
"Can we create technologies that help equitably reduce the amount of conflict in the world?"
"Cancer"
"Cha-OS/colabo: CoLabo - an ecosystem of tools and methodologies for collaboration"
"Changing modes of scientific discourse analysis, changing perceptions of science"
"Choral Explanation"
"Choral Explanations and OER: A Summary of Thinking to Date | Hapgood"
"Chorus of Voices"
"Client-Server"
"Cognition"
"Cognitive psychology: Thinking by reasoning and problem-solving"
"Colabo.Space"
"ColaboSpace"
"Collective Intelligence Can Change the World - Bloomberg"
"Collective Intelligence"
"Common Sense"
"Comp-Engine Time Series"
"Computers with common sense | Doug Lenat | TEDxYouth@Austin - YouTube"
"Concept Map"
"Consortium"
"Consumability"
"Cotoami UI V3"
"Cotoami Youtube Channel"
"Cotoami"
"Crowdsourcing - Wikipedia"
"Crowdsourcing"
"D3.5 Deliberation analytics"
"Daring Fireball: Scott Gilbertson: 'Kill Google AMP Before It Kills the Web' AddressesRelation How is this project tied to the Google ecosystem?"
"Daring Fireball: Scott Gilbertson: 'Kill Google AMP Before It Kills the Web'"
"Debate"
"Decentralised Web"
"Deliberation Analytics"
"Democracy Earth Foundation"
"Democracy"
"DemocracyEarth/sovereign: 🕊 Peer to peer democracy. RelatedTo DemocracyEarth/sovereign: 🕊 Peer to peer democracy."
"DemocracyEarth/sovereign: 🕊 Peer to peer democracy."
"Diet"
"Discoverability"
"Document Processor"
"Effectiveness and Safety of a Novel Care Model for the Management of Type 2 Diabetes at 1 Year: An Open-Label, Non-Randomized, Controlled Study"
"Epistemonikos: Database of the best Evidence-Based Health Care RelatedTo Health-related K-Hub:  Idea 1"
"Epistemonikos: Database of the best Evidence-Based Health Care"
"Evaluate An Argument With Just ONE Flowchart"
"Fake"
"Fallacies"
"Federation - Activity Streams"
"Federation Protocol"
"Food may influence cancer spread - BBC News"
"From the Kialo Blog"
"Gardening"
"General"
"Generative Scribing: A Social Art of the 21st Century"
"GitHub - WorldBrain/Memex: Browser Extension to full-text search your browsing history & bookmarks."
"GitHub"
"Glycine"
"Goals for algorithmic genies | Masum | First Monday"
"Google AMP"
"Guild Craft"
"Guilds"
"HTML"
"He Predicted The 2016 Fake News Crisis. Now He's Worried About An Information Apocalypse."
"Health"
"Health-related K-Hub:  Idea 1 AddressesRelation Prototype Health-Oriented K-Hub"
"Health-related K-Hub:  Idea 1"
"Hello World!"
"Help"
"Home - Sovrin identity for all"
"How can AI and other digital technologies help us create global institutions that we can trust?"
"How can an aggregation of trillions of selfish, myopic cells discover the unwitting teamwork that turns that dynamic clump into a person who can love, notice, wonder, and keep a promise?"
"How can coalitions of scholars who wish to update the content of explicit common knowledge in order to use that knowledge collaboratively detect and circumvent coalitions which are applying narrative control strategies to preserve arbitrage opportunities implicit in disparities between official narratives and reality?"
"How can the few pounds of grey goo between our ears let us make utterly surprising, completely unprecedented, and remarkably true discoveries about the world around us, in every domain and at every scale, from quarks to quasars?"
"How can the process of science be improved?"
"How can we build machines that make us smarter?"
"How can we empower the better angels of our nature?"
"How can we separate the assessment of scientific evidence from value judgments?"
"How do we best build a civilization that is galvanized by long-term thinking?"
"How is this approach different from, say, ActivityPub with an appropriate vocabulary?"
"How is this project tied to the Google ecosystem?"
"How much of what we call \"reality\" is ultimately grounded and instantiated in convincing communication and storytelling?"
"How should we think about x-callback in our ecosystem?"
"How to design the Navomizer widget?"
"How will people focus more on forming the right question, before rushing headlong towards the answer?"
"Hydra: Hypermedia-Driven Web APIs"
"I am surprised that quotes worked on the channel name"
"I have been going in and gardening your ProCon moves"
"I suspect that needs its own quest, perhaps even a BusinessModels channel"
"IdeaLoom - IdeaLoom"
"IdeaLoom"
"IdentiMe"
"Identity"
"Important because it's where we might have unique tools to offer"
"Information Apocalypse"
"Intelligent Deliberation Research Group"
"Inter-app comm within mobile ecosystems"
"Intestinal Cancer"
"Introducing Navamizer"
"Is it ultimately possible for life to bend the shape of the universe to fit life's purposes, as we are now bending the shape of our environment here on earth?"
"Issue-based Information System - IBIS"
"Issue-based information system - Wikipedia"
"JATS"
"JSON-LD"
"Javascript Client requires deep thinking"
"Javascript"
"Journal Article Tag Suite - Wikipedia"
"Journal Article Tag Suite"
"K-Hub 1 Pin"
"K-Hub Ideas"
"Ketogenic Diet"
"Ketosis - Wikipedia"
"Ketosis"
"Kialo - Empowering Reason"
"Kialo Youtube"
"Kialo"
"Kialo- How to debate"
"Knowledge Federation"
"Learn-Play"
"Learning"
"List of Every Business Opportunity Related to TQ Technology"
"LiteWeight Platform"
"Low-asparagine Diet"
"Lymphoma"
"Metabolic Syndrome - MetS"
"Miller Column"
"MindMap"
"Navamizer"
"Network Effect"
"No Beneficial Effects of Resveratrol on the Metabolic Syndrome: A Randomized Placebo-Controlled Clinical Trial"
"Non-starchy Carbohydrates"
"Numerical id used rather than handle?"
"Nutritional Ketosis"
"OData - the Best Way to REST"
"Obesity"
"Observation: Miller Columns tend to open to the right; Navamizer opens both ways, depending on context"
"On Transclusion"
"One option: Navamizer as a navigation bar across the top of a page"
"Open Source"
"Parkland students slam Trump for tying shooting to Russia probe: 'He has already made it about himself' IsNotAnalogousRelation yoh Sam!"
"Parkland students slam Trump for tying shooting to Russia probe: 'He has already made it about himself'"
"Perspective"
"Plectica - Visual Mapping Software"
"Pleiotropic effects of nutritional ketosis: Conceptual framework for keto-adaptation as a breast cancer therapy - ScienceDirect"
"Possible over-reliance on principles of Reductionism"
"Premise: Structured Conversation facilitates Conversational Sensemaking"
"ProCon Debate"
"ProCon and Kialo"
"Proteins"
"Prototype Health-Oriented K-Hub"
"Published study reports use of nutritional ketosis with mobile app intervention could reverse Type 2 diabetes - Purdue University"
"Quality"
"Quests"
"REST"
"Read It: Search User Interfaces"
"Really tall columns need a lot of scrolling if the nav bar is squished at the top of the page"
"Reproducibility"
"Research"
"Resveratrol"
"Safari warns of possible impersonation (certificate not valid) for this site"
"Scaling Knowledge at Airbnb – Airbnb Engineering & Data Science – Medium"
"Scholarly HTML"
"Scientific Discourse"
"Scientists explore ties between Alzheimer's and our immune system | 89.3 KPCC"
"Scribing"
"Search"
"Self Sovereign"
"Self-sovereign Identity"
"Sensemaking - Wikipedia"
"Sensemaking is about structuring the unknown"
"Sensemaking"
"Serine"
"Server required to support Clients"
"Simple UI: Context Stays in View"
"So, somehow \"maintain view state\" when navigating."
"Sovereign Platform"
"Stop and Drop"
"Structured Conversation"
"Structured breaks within a conversation"
"Substance Consortium"
"Substance Platform"
"Substance"
"TQ Back-End Services for Front-Ends Crafted by Others"
"Texture Platform"
"Texture"
"That response is a bug. Not supposed to show responses to channels. It's a bug in the DM system"
"The Many Tribes of Artificial Intelligence – Intuition Machine – Medium"
"The Presentation of Self on a Decentralised Web"
"The Sovereign Individual: Mastering the Transition to the Information Age: James Dale Davidson, William Rees-Mogg: 9780684832722: Amazon.com: Books"
"Thematic Vagabonding"
"Thinking Fast and Slow"
"Thinking, Fast and Slow - Wikipedia"
"This is Sam's first Journal Entry"
"This might be important enough to warrant a separate portal just for crowd-sourced health research"
"Thoughts on Tree View/Tree View Drawer state"
"Time Series Data"
"Today's Thoughts"
"Today's Thoughts: Organizing Health-related Resources"
"Today's Thoughts: Questing in LiteWeight AddressesRelation Health-related K-Hub:  Idea 1"
"Today's Thoughts: Questing in LiteWeight"
"TopicQuests Mission as Enabling Apperception – TopicQuests"
"Transclusion"
"Tree View and Conversations"
"Tree View"
"TreeView is kindof like its own island in the conversation app. Would you like to work on that code?"
"Trust"
"Type 2 Diabetes"
"UX Observations"
"User Experience - UX"
"User Interface - UI"
"Weaving"
"Web Based"
"Web Standards"
"Welcome to the new build. Some bugs from 5000 have been patched."
"What are your plans for adapting resources to this platform?"
"What is self-sovereign identity?"
"What is the flow of information through human beings?"
"What is the fundamental geometric structure underlying reality?"
"What is the principle that causes complex adaptive systems (life, organisms, minds, societies) to spontaneously emerge from the interaction of simpler elements (chemicals, cells, neurons, individual humans)?"
"Why are people so seldom persuaded by clear evidence and rational argument?"
"Why is it so difficult to influence people’s belief systems for deeply held beliefs and so easy to manipulate belief systems when little is known about the subject?"
"Will blockchain return us to the golden age of ownership of information licenses that can be resold like books and records?"
"Will weaving networks that blend humans and machines yield network effects?"
"WorldBrain's Memex - WorldBrain's Memex - Quickly find websites again."
"WorldBrain's Memex"
"XML"
"You seem active with ProCon. What do you think?"
"\"Wisdom\""
"airbnb/knowledge-repo: A next-generation curated knowledge sharing platform for data scientists and other technical professions. RelatedTo Scaling Knowledge at Airbnb – Airbnb Engineering & Data Science – Medium"
"airbnb/knowledge-repo: A next-generation curated knowledge sharing platform for data scientists and other technical professions."
"cotoami/cotoami: Cotoami is a platform where people can weave a large network of wisdom from tiny ideas."
"jasnell/activitystrea.ms: Activity Streams 2.0 for Node.js (this package is not actively maintained, if you'd like to help, let me know)"
"lukestevens on Twitter: \"I've been thinking about implications of Google's AMP ambitions for web standards, and can't shake the This Is Getting Worse feeling. So, time for some AMP GAME THEORY. j/k but seriously here are my thoughts on AMP. 1/?\" AddressesRelation How is this project tied to the Google ecosystem?"
"lukestevens on Twitter: \"I've been thinking about implications of Google's AMP ambitions for web standards, and can't shake the This Is Getting Worse feeling. So, time for some AMP GAME THEORY. j/k but seriously here are my thoughts on AMP. 1/?\""
"newCamelTag"
"rebooting-the-web-of-trust-fall2017/activitypub-decentralized-distributed.md at master · WebOfTrustInfo/rebooting-the-web-of-trust-fall2017"
"substance/texture: As open as LaTeX and as simple as a classic word processor."
"x-callback-url equivalent for Android?"
"x-callback-url for iOS inter-app comm and federation"
"yoh Sam!"
"“Fake history” has powered the rise of the right — time for the left to fight back - Salon.com"
"‘Weaving’ — 21st Century Servant Leadership for Systemic Health – Medium RelatedTo Health-related K-Hub:  Idea 1"
"‘Weaving’ — 21st Century Servant Leadership for Systemic Health – Medium"
