Bobbie will share his learning journey with others. He and his classmates or doing a DiG, guided by their teacher. The 'base' of the DiG is 'Belonging Together". When Bobbie spins the wheel, he lands on "Travel" for his scrambler. Bobbie begins his journey wondering about what "Belonging Together" and "Travel" mean, knowing that this learning journey is to be inspired by his interests and his curiosity.
Bobbie begins to wonder about what his interest are and how they might relate to the base and scramble. Bobbie lives on a farm and loves horses, so he becomes curious about how horses might relate to those two concepts.
As he begins to explore the horses and learned how they became domesticated so that they could be used in many ways, an important one being for travel. He wonders about how humans were able to tame these wild animals.
He is surprised to discover that trainers has used a fairly defined set of practices to tame horses that have been known and used for generations. To use these practices it was necessary for trainers and horses to listen and work together, learning from each other.
Bobbie remembers something his teacher said about systems, that all living things relate to other living organisms in a complex system. He begins to be more curious about the nature of systems and how they might relate to how a tamer and horse interact with each other.
Bobbie begins to wonder about how systems, such as the system of a trainer relates to the system of our horse, recognizing that this relationship is not static but is one that develops over time. Further, he begins to wonder about how relationships are cultivated over time.
One day, while Bobbie is walking, a thought comes into his head that its not just trainers and horses who have relationships that must be cultivated but that personal friendships also must be cultivated over time.
So Bobbie begins to be curious about his friends. Who are the friends that he most likes to hang out with and why?
As he thinks about his friends, he notices also that they not only like similar things, but they also share similar basic values.
Now Bobbie is drawn into a deeper state of wonderment about the nature of systems and how it relates to his friends and all of his relationships. His teacher has talked about all systems being comprised of dynamic reinforcing and balancing loops.
Then Bobbie has an 'eureka moment' when he realizes that everything in his life is a set of connected systems of relationships – that everything is connected